P-REFAGE. 'l’

lions not easily dismissed from tho understanding.
If indeed it were possible and usual to convey to
carrhas an sanetae saesdema which noym
capable, there might he some reason lor this ap
prehension. But if such lessons are not presented
by the taschet till the mind of the party to be
taught is moderately familiar with natural objecta,
it must require, eren in the nursery, an uncommon
share of simplicity on one side, or'negligence on
the other, to confound reality with fiction ina
parley between trees and quadrupeda. ,

Be this as it may, it is not here supposed, that
Ovid's Metamorphoses are put into the hands of
children just loosed from their leading-stringe, as
a mere amusement os the passing hour. Thiar
series of stories is deservingof a higher rank in
literature, than that. which is assigned to the ,
familiarillustration of a particular moral, by means
of sensible or natural objects; and is well worthy
the attention ol every student desimus to be ac·
quaintcd with the origin of ancient superstitious.
The entire series comprehends a collection of all
the fabulous traditione received from remote anti-
quity, and forms a sort of commentary on the rny-
thological creed ol the old Greeks and Romane,
whereby we are enabled to understand many clas·

sical allusione, which would otherwise be lost to
the modern reader.

Besides this particular relation to classical

 

